Integrate VPC template into main template (#191)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/USER_GUIDE.md

#### Creating a New VPC

> If you do not have an existing VPC you wish to use, a solution provided VPC can
> be created by setting _DeployVpc_ to true when deploying the solution. The
> solution provided VPC only has private subnets and has all the relevant VPC
> Endpoints required by the Amazon S3 Find and Forget solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the CloudFormation template will create a new VPC that has been
purpose-built for the solution. The VPC includes VPC endpoints for the
aforementioned services, and does not provision internet connectivity.

You can use the provided VPC to operate the solution with no further
customisations. However, if you have more complex requirements it is
recommended to use an existing VPC as described in the following section.
```

I think it makes sense to position the provided VPC as the new default -- that unless you want/need to BYO, just use it and you're set.

#### Using an Existing VPC

> If you wish to use an existing VPC in your account with the Amazon S3 Find and

Reviewer: I suggest replacing this paragraph with the following to provide better guidance on why you would want to use your own VPC, and elaborate on the parameters that need to be provided:
```suggestion
Amazon S3 Find and Forget can also be used in an existing VPC. You may
want to do this if you have requirements that aren't met by using the VPC
provided with the solution.

To use an existing VPC, set the `DeployVpc` parameter to `false` when
launching the solution CloudFormation stack. You must also specify the
subnet and security groups that the Fargate tasks will use by setting the
`VpcSubnets` and `VpcSecurityGroups` parameters respectively.

The subnets and security groups that you specify must allow the tasks to
connect to the aforementioned AWS services.
```
